I've got a lot of love
and I've got a lot of ways to show it
But you should know by now
that I'm broken
And I need your help
I wrote a hundred songs
to make sense of the meaningless
I'll un-write them all
if you help me clear up this mess
'Cause I would never
break your heart
I would only re-arrange
All the other working parts
will stay in place
Listen to me when I say
Darling you're my everything
I didn't mean to hesitate
Please stay with me
I've got a lot of rage
And I'm struggling
with ways to control it
When I wake in the morning
I've forgotten what it is to cope
I scratch at my eyes
and it renders me visionless
Even in the dark,
what I want isn't what I need
‘Cause I would never
break your heart
I would only rearrange
All the other working parts
will stay in place
Listen to me when I say
Darling you're my everything
I didn't mean to hesitate
Please stay with me
‘Cause I would never
break your heart
I would only rearrange
All the other working parts
will stay in place
Listen to me when I say
Darling you're my everything
I didn't mean to hesitate
Please stay with me
Tenho muito amor
e tenho muitas formas de o demonstrar
Mas já devias saber
que estou destroçado
E preciso da tua ajuda
Escrevi cem canções
para dar significado ao insignificante
Posso apagá-las todas
se me ajudares com este caos
Porque eu nunca
te partiria o coração
Só teria de o reorganizar
As outras peças funcionais
ficariam no lugar
Ouve-me quando te digo
Querida és tudo para mim
Não queria hesitar
Por favor fica comigo
Tenho muita raiva
E estou com dificuldades
em controlá-la
Quando acordo de manhã
já me esqueci do que é aguentar
Esfrego os meus olhos
e isso faz-me perder a visão
Mesmo no escuro,
o que quero não é o que preciso
Porque eu nunca
te partiria o coração
Só teria de o reorganizar
As outras peças funcionais
ficariam no lugar
Ouve-me quando te digo
Querida és tudo para mim
Não queria hesitar
Por favor fica comigo
Porque eu nunca
te partiria o coração
Só teria de o reorganizar
As outras peças funcionais
ficariam no lugar
Ouve-me quando te digo
Querida és tudo para mim
Não queria hesitar
Por favor fica comigo